MIU NO. 4
Another one please.
You opened one recently.
I had two since then.
-He's a frequenter.
-Shima.
Gosh.
Hey…
This is my third home.
-Hey…
-Third?
First, MIU car;
second, office; third, this place.
-What about home?
-Hey…
It's the result
of devoting my life to work.
-Guys, listen!
-What?
Let's continue the talk.
-Talk?
-About the captain and her kid.
-The onion is pungent.
-Hey!
Tell me about her man.
Hey. Listen to me.
What's he like? Which department?
Is he her superior?
-He's not a cop.
-What?
Restaurant owner.
Seriously? What kind?
-Never been there.
-Come on.
I've been there.
-I want to go.
-It's gone.
Come on.
He died in an accident.
Kikyo realized she was pregnant
after he died. She had the baby.
She's raising him alone.
But her child…
-Who watches him?
-Someone like her sister.
I wanted to eat at a restaurant…
while we watched fish.
You want to eat fish while watching fish?
I'm not eating.
Yutaka. It's dinner time.
-I'm not eating fish.
-There's no fish in the spaghetti.
Did you hear that?
Hamu-chan says so too.
Stop.
-I'm not eating.
-Let's eat.
MPD to all stations…
A middle-aged man is screaming.
A man is stuck under the car that crashed…
I want to volunteer to be
the father of the captain's son.
It must be hard.
It's harder to be with you.
Plus, she's not looking for a dad.
-You're not in need.
-I guess you're not either.
This isn't about me. What's your problem?
Kids are adorable.
There.
It's a melon bread van.
Stop playing that.
They love it.
What is this music?
Remember the Tiger Mask phenomenon?
-Tiger Mask?
-Yes.
The guy gave out
school bags a few years ago.
He inspired me to give out a few myself.
I bought three and left them
by a foster home.
I left a card that read,
"From Copper Long Legs."
Then I saw the news.
We don't need school bags.
We're getting so many of them.
It's too much.
Gosh…
I was so shocked.
I'm shocked that someone I know did that.
Didn't you get the urge to do it?
The news made me realize one thing.
There are so many people
who want to do good.
Who doesn't want to do good?
I'm not sure.
Yet, the world doesn't get better.
Hey.
Why is that?
You need to be all right
mentally and financially to do good.
So, if everyone got rich,
there will be world peace?
-I guess not.
-Come on.
The rich do bad things to make money.
That sucks. Ultimately, people are bad.
As long as money exists,
there will be trouble.
Keep the change and lend me a hand.
Excuse me?
Please. I'm in a hurry.
Yes.
MPD to all stations.
Shooting incident in Ginza.
Bystander called the police.
Victim and suspects
are heading toward Nakashima.
The site is Ginza Nishi 4-5-2…
-A gang feud?
-Probably.
MIU 401 heading from Ginza Sakai Street.
No.1 HQ to MIU 404.
This is MIU 404.
The possible victim stopped by
at a pharmacy in your area.
Head there and gather information.
The address is Ginza West 1-3-1.
YAMAGATA PHARMACY
She told me the bullet
grazed her around here.
So, I did first aid on her.
Then she asked me to sell her
my jacket on the coat rack.
You should go to the hospital.
I'll take a bet.
Although I've never won in my entire life.
I've never seen so much money.
So much money?
Shima.
Can we check the surveillance video?
Thank you.
Oh, excuse me. Please.
Wow…
That's easily 100 million.
The 100 million woman.
Who is this woman?
A shooting took place
in Ginza West at around 11:30.
The police claim…
He suddenly fired two shots.
The other guy yelled at him.
He said, "Don't shoot."
He shouted at the woman,
"Give me the money back."
COLLECTED FINGERPRINT
SEARCHING
12 MATCHING POINTS
Toko Aoike. One previous conviction.
Arrested for illegal gambling
two years ago.
From that incident?
Do you know her?
More than 20 were arrested,
so I never talked to her directly.
Illegal gambling two years ago?
It made the news.
A billion-yen illegal casino
in Ikebukuro got busted.
Bettors included
top firm executives and bureaucrats.
We'll take it from here.
Anti-Organized Crime has a lead
on the Suminoe gang's internal strife.
The shooting is related to that.
We'll work with Anti-Organized Crime.
-Good work.
-Thanks.
The initial phase is over. It's up to
Anti-Organized Crime and local police now.
That was quick.
I want MIU No.1 surveilling the area.
Understood.
We'll return to the covert op.
Wait.
Aoike was arrested two years ago
but she was also a victim.
That's horrible.
She was a hostess at a club in Ikebukuro.
One night, her client invited her
to the illegal casino.
Yes. Yes.
The house lets you win at first.
You'd win 100 to 200 thousand a night.
Gradually, you lose sense of
the amount you're playing with.
By the time you get hooked,
it is too late.
You are knee deep in debt.
Women are forced into brothels.
Aoike also worked at the casino
to repay her debt.
Then…
Police. Don't move.
-You won't escape.
-Don't move.
-You there!
-Don't move!
Behind you!
Thanks to extenuating circumstance,
she got one year on probation.
The probation ended last year.
The manager that was arrested
was just a sacrifice.
We couldn't catch the actual owner.
He's commonly known as Etori.
Real name is unknown. No photo.
A self-professed businessman in his 40s.
The portrait is based on the testimony
of the casino informant.
-Etori is involved in this shooting?
-Maybe not.
We still don't know
who is responsible for the shooting.
It's too early to tie the incident
to the Suminoe gang.
I agree.
I'd like to speak with Toko Aoike.
What?
Look at her eyes.
Can't you sense it?
It's like she's looking for a fight.
It's your imagination.
Stop staring at the image.
I mean…
she looks like she has a lot to say.
Captain.
Can I interrogate her when we catch her?
Hey.
-If you catch her.
-Yes.
MIU 404 will find her before anyone.
Let's go, Shima.
Captain.
Good luck.
Shima.
Let's go.
Damn it.
Where is she?
Ms. Aoike told me
that she was through with gangsters.
She said it was hard to find a job,
even though she is an accountant.
So, she returned to the underworld?
No.
She was happy when she got hired
by an honest company.
Which company is that?
PC SHOP ACE
She had wads of bills in her suitcase.
Excuse us. Hello.
We're looking for Toko Aoike.
We're from the police.
We have some questions.
PC SHOP ACE
-We were waiting for the police to arrive.
-Really?
We're quite popular here.
Ten minutes after opening
the store this morning…
Welcome.
Where's Aoike?
Ms. Aoike?
Hey.
Where is she?
We don't know.
Let's go.
10,000 YEN
How did you get that?
It's dirty money.
They found me.
Then she waved us goodbye.
Did you know she had
affiliations with gangsters?
No. Not at all.
She kept it low key.
She'd bring homemade
lunches and craft things.
Craft things?
Like those.
This bunny?
Yes.
She made that.
I see.
Why didn't you call the police?
Because the president…
We told him what happened when he arrived.
He told us not to call the police.
Then he left.
So, you're competing
against Anti-Organized Crime?
"Competing" isn't the word.
The initial investigation is ongoing.
We wouldn't want to follow the wrong lead.
I wish you would do it discretely.
You're involved in this too, Mr. Abiko.
The woman who got shot
was arrested in the casino bust.
As the head of Anti-Organized Crime,
you led that investigation.
You let Etori get away.
Had we not raided the casino,
they would have moved it elsewhere.
They change whereabouts
like a hermit crab.
We had a deal with the informant.
She gave us the address
in exchange for catching Etori.
The Billion Yen Goddess.
Mugi Hano, was it?
As long as Etori walks,
she will not be free.
So the captain is giving shelter to her?
Yes.
Mugi Hano worked
at a piano bar when she met Etori.
She saw that he was bad news,
so she helped the police.
Thanks for your cooperation.
I couldn't forgive him.
The girls were being treated like animals.
What do you guys want to do?
UNKNOWN CALLER
DID YOU RAT ON US?
I WON'T FORGIVE YOU
YOU'LL BE PUNISHED
Ms. Hano. Are you injured?
You didn't arrest Etori?
The police lied to me?
You promised you'd arrest him.
She's the Billion Yen Goddess
to the police,
but to Etori she is the woman
who stole a billion yen.
There's no witness protection
program here, unlike in the US.
Does a cop need
to give shelter to someone?
No, but it's not prohibited either.
It's Kikyo's way of taking responsibility.
I checked with the airlines
fearing she might flee.
But no ticket was purchased by Toko Aoike.
What?
We were talking about Mugi Hano.
-Oh, about Hamu-chan?
-What?
Hano Mugi, hence Hamu-chan.
That's cute.
You goofball.
The president of Aoike's company:
Katsumi Saeba.
He's avoiding the police.
He knows something.
Could this man be Etori?
The employee said
the portrait doesn't resemble him.
PC Shop Ace?
Sounds familiar.
Anti-Organized Crime must know.
Wait, wait.
What?
People will know that 404 is on the case.
So?
The captain making
inquiries could have ramifications.
I don't care.
-I'll go.
-Oh yeah?
Fine.
Come on, Kokonoe.
Yes.
Captain.
Let me say one thing.
It's unlikely that this case is tied
to the case two years ago.
Toko Aoike was unimportant in the casino.
I doubt she even knew Etori.
Digging deep into this case
won't save Mugi Hano.
It's not just for Hamu-chan.
We cut off a major source of
income for gangsters.
You destroyed a woman's life in doing so?
To save the majority.
We must always choose the majority.
Yet, his strategy didn't save Toko Aoike.
She once again strayed
from the right path.
I'm obliged to find out how that happened.
A do-or-die situation tells
a lot about a person.
The captain and Toko Aoike both have guts.
Right, bunny?
Why is that here?
The lady said I could take it.
You shouldn't have.
Rabbits fend off hungry wolves
with their strong kick.
I saw it on the Animal Channel.
A life-and-death situation brings out
the true nature of a person.
It's hard to encounter
such a moment in Japan today.
For Toko Aoike, that rare moment is now.
What's on her mind
and where is she headed?
GIRLS
A hideout of the Suminoe gang here?
Yes.
Look over there.
Just like that?
Hello. Hello.
They're Anti-Organized Crime.
Anything unusual?
Not much going on.
I see.
I'd like to ask you something.
This is the place.
Any info on PC Shop Ace
on Yuyu Street in Nakaginza.
Our boss wouldn't want us
to comment on that.
He doesn't get along with your boss.
Come on. I won't say I got it from you.
Okay. I'll ask Division 2.
We checked all the mobiles
we confiscated in the past.
Many of them had SIM cards
that were rented from this PC shop.
The shop itself
might have been taken over.
Take-over?
The Organized Crime Exclusion Act
makes it hard to rent phones
for criminal use.
But if you buy the whole shop…
It'd be easy.
Can't buy a house? Buy a real estate firm.
Want a system? Buy an IT company.
Gangsters are becoming
increasingly sophisticated.
Hello, hello. Excuse me.
-Mameji?
-Hey, working hard?
Can I help you?
Just passing by.
-This is a gift.
-Thank you.
Here to monitor us?
Anti-Organized Crime Director
Yamazaki is barking at me,
claiming that we're on equal grounds.
He was bullying me
on the phone like a gangster.
Excuse me.
What's the situation?
The PC shop where Aoike
worked seems normal,
but is actually a front company
or an affiliate of a gang.
I received this from Division 2.
Ace was on the list of shady accounts
reported by Tokyo Sakura Bank.
There've been dubious deposits
and withdrawals made regularly.
Is the account being used
for money laundering?
Yes. Aoike has been transferring
part of the money to her bank account.
God, I'm bored. Shima, I'm bored.
Hey…
Wait. That's Saeba.
He matches the description
given by the employee.
-I'm going.
-Wait, wait.
Toko Aoike was embezzling
from her company.
She's been withdrawing
a million yen every day.
The total as of yesterday is 100 million.
The money in the suitcase?
Gangs can't report it to the police,
hence she won't get caught.
That might be her idea.
Clever. I want to meet her even more now.
-I've got a question.
-Hey.
What will you ask him?
Where Toko Aoike is.
I'm going to be frank.
You think a gangster
will give you a straight answer?
-Never know.
-Had he known, he'd already be there.
Is it really Aoike?
Where to?
Our lack of success is due
to the name "Entire Melon Bread."
-The name!
-Oh.
You don't get it. The name is great…
Yes, sir. I'm on my way.
It's not juicy enough.
-Juiciness is what matters.
-So, you get it.
See how effective that was?
You didn't ask him anything.
Stop bragging when we just overheard him.
MIU 404 to No.1 HQ.
Saeba found out where Aoike is.
He's leaving now.
We're following him. Over.
Go, go.
Chief! Gate Air Airline contacted us.
A ticket was purchased
under the name Toko Aoike.
The flight leaves Haneda
at 19:20 p.m. for Thailand.
Welcome.
Welcome. Let me take that…
No thanks.
No.1 HQ to all vehicles.
Aoike is going to Haneda Airport.
Search nearby routes and
bus stops that lead to the airport.
Hurry up!
Mr. Jinba.
From MIU 401 to No.1 HQ.
Suminoe gangsters are leaving.
We'll follow them
with Anti-Organized Crime.
They got moving at once.
Gangsters, No.1 MIU and us.
Who will get to
the 100 million yen and Aoike-chan?
How exciting.
MIU 404 to No.1 HQ.
We're getting on the freeway.
Saeba is also going to Haneda. Over.
Roger.
Anti-Organized Crime is still at Shibaura.
Suminoe must not get there first.
A shootout at the airport
would be a disaster.
Captain. Aoike is on the video
that we got from the bus terminal.
She got on a bus that left at 16:50 p.m.
No.1 HQ to all vehicles.
Aoike is riding a bus.
License plate, Shinagawa 200, Shi-2 38.
Mr. Taniyama.
Tell the driver to get off the freeway.
Actually…
Where could he get off…?
-There's one…
-Shut up.
Here. It's the last exit before Haneda.
There's one more thing.
-What?
-This guy's also on the bus.
Who is that?
The guy who shot Aoike.
We have confirmation.
It's a different story if he is aboard.
He could get agitated
when they get off the freeway.
We can't have a shootout in the airport.
A shooting on the bus would be better.
Civilians are on this bus.
If he has a Tokarev, he's used
two bullets, so there's six left.
There will be six victims
in the worst case.
If a shootout erupts
with the Suminoe gang,
dozens of bullets will be shot.
Hundreds of people are there.
It could become an international issue.
It will be a mess.
The majority again?
Then…
what do you propose?
The bus arrives at the exit
in three minutes.
We've no time to hesitate.
MIU 404 to No.1 HQ.
We caught up to the bus. Over.
MIU 404. The bus
will get off at the next exit.
Tell the driver to get off at the exit.
There's a gunman on board. He shot Aoike.
Arrest him before he notices you.
How do we do that?
We'll just have to.
All right. I like a challenge.
Put on your vest.
Okay. Roger… Hargreaves.
You only say that
when you haven't understood.
Why are you getting off the freeway?
Sorry. I'm having engine issues.
Engine issues?
What's going on?
We need to make a brief stop
to check the engine.
I'm very sorry for the inconvenience.
Please stay seated.
Hello. I'm here to repair the engine.
I'll examine the bus.
Sir in the back, please.
We're sorry for the inconvenience.
I'm ready.
Roger.
Melon, melon, an entire melon…
Police.
There.
Now, I cuff the perp…
Complete.
Behind you, Ibuki.
Huh?
Get down. Get down.
Punk.
Shut your mouth.
Shima.
Let's get him out.
He shot at me.
I'm going to give him a beating
when he wakes up.
Hands in the air.
I'm going to give him a beating
when he wakes up.
Hands in the air.
You too.
You want to die? Hands up!
Shoot, and the discharge
would kill us both.
You'll just lose your hand.
I'm a cop. I know more
about guns than you do.
You're lying.
Shoot, then.
It's fine with me.
Huh?
Take him away.
That hurts!
Let go of me.
Hey.
I'm talking to you.
Is this a game to you?
An accidental discharge?
-I know.
-You want to die?
Huh?
What took you so long to save me?
Let go of me.
You want to talk to Aoike, right?
Hello. Police.
You're safe now.
Please take a seat. You're safe now.
Please sit down.
Ms. Aoike.
-Ms. Aoike. Do you hear me?
-Aoike? Aoike?
-No pulse.
-That can't be. It's not too late. Aoike.
Aoike…
Make way. Coming through.
Aoike.
Kokonoe. Get an ambulance.
Yes.
Aoike.
Wake up.
There's a lot we need to talk about.
Hey, Aoike.
Aoike.
Let's talk.
Okay?
Aoike.
The 100 million disappeared.
They still haven't examined the body.
The coroner says it's most likely
the bullet wound that killed her.
And who did we catch?
The guys that shot and went after
her were Suminoe members.
No relation with Etori or the Tatsui gang.
Let's leave Etori aside.
It was Aoike's embezzlement
that caused this incident,
not an internal strife.
Good job, guys.
Anti-Organized Crime should thank us.
Anyway, where's the money?
When and where did it vanish?
Here's what we know so far.
Aoike packed her 100 million
and took off around 11:00 a.m.
The two Suminoe gunmen
shot her in the alley.
Don't shoot her here.
Damn it. Give us the money.
She does first aid at the pharmacy.
The money was last seen here.
We found blood at multiple points.
We're still analyzing them,
but they should all be hers.
At 16:05 p.m., she buys a ticket
to Thailand from her phone.
Then she gets on the bus.
Her suitcase must have
been empty by this point.
Between the pharmacy and the bus terminal.
Sometime during the four hours,
she handed the money to someone,
or hid it somewhere.
Come in.
The Identification Section
gave me her mobile data.
USER NAME
WATASHI-SAN
Tbutter?
-Is this Aoike's?
-Yes.
Today's tweets on page one.
The rest are tweets
that seem relevant to this case.
I can't help but laugh.
I find myself working
for gangsters once again.
Just when I thought…
I could finally live a normal life.
Everybody thinks it's an ordinary store.
I would have too,
had it not been for my past.
Hey.
My boss takes me for a fool.
He asks me
to make deposits and withdrawals.
Huge amounts flow in and out every month.
From A to B. From B to C.
Dirty money turns into clean money.
Laundering.
Even if I notify the police,
they won't find me a new job.
I don't want to go back to the brothel.
The politicians
and bureaucrats receive bribes.
But they don't get indicted.
I don't get the world of the rich.
My monthly net income is 140 thousand.
LOL.
I've understood the laundering scheme.
I can do this.
WITHDRAWAL COMPLETE
Nobody's noticing it.
This is getting fun.
Once again, I've become completely filthy.
It's filthy money anyway.
Filthy money for filthy people.
Where should I go
when my drawer gets full?
Where could I live a clean life?
I'll take a bet.
Although I've never won in my entire life.
Melon juice?
You guys made me want to drink it.
I see.
I saved her two years ago.
I put Mugi Hano in danger in doing so.
Yet, Hamu-chan is still a bird in a cage.
And Aoike died
without asking anyone for help.
Toko Aoike's last tweet…
It's her grievance against the police.
"My first and last."
"I will help you."
"You can be free."
"That's a lie."
"Unable to escape. Helpless."
"A weak small girl."
"Says who?"
"My life is worthless."
"It looks like I'm going to die."
The last thing she saw
in this world was despair.
We're always late.
Well…
I didn't mean to complain.
Hey. What are you doing here?
Don't sneak up on us.
I tried…
to be considerate.
Were you really being considerate?
It didn't seem necessary.
It was one of those moments.
What moment would that be?
Hey.
How was Aoike going
to take the money with her?
You can't go abroad with a load of cash.
She didn't even have
a foreign currency deposit.
She must have come up with some way.
Oh, yes. I almost forgot.
Mr. Itomaki retrieved
something from Aoike's mobile.
She would visit this jewelry store.
One, ten, hundred, thousand…
Holy moly.
Ms. Aoike? She's been here many times.
Many times?
She said she was getting an inheritance.
She bought two stones of the same size.
She bought them today.
100 million in total.
The money she paid was dirty.
I received cash
without any knowledge of that.
As far as the contract goes,
the transaction is legal.
-It is?
-In legal terms, yes.
Now, I understand.
She laundered dirty money.
She did it by buying these beautiful gems.
For her bunny's eyes.
What? Eyes?
She pressed the gems into a bunny.
Like this?
Yes, but a bigger one.
Is this it?
Hey, look.
Easy does it.
She probably practiced on that.
Her plan was to hide the gems
in a stuffed animal.
All right.
Mission: Find the 100-million-yen bunny.
Sensing she wouldn't get away alive,
she got rid of it.
Maybe in Kanda River?
100 million into a river?
To keep it from the police
and gangsters? She might.
I don't get it.
I sense Aoike-chan's bursting anger…
Stop talking vaguely.
Who did Toko Aoike help?
What?
Help who?
Her last tweet says, "I will help."
Understand the context.
"I will help you.
You can be free. That's a lie."
The police didn't help her
when they said they would.
Words of reproach.
You need to study
the subtleties of the heart.
I really don't understand the text.
How is this a grudge?
"Helpless. That's a lie.
I will help you. My first and last…"
Mr. Kokonoe.
What the…?
-It's the other way.
-What?
How we're reading them.
Tbutter's tweets get updated at the top.
So, the right order starts
from "I'm going to die,"
"My life is worthless."
"Says who?"
"A weak small girl."
"Unable to escape.
Helpless. That's a lie."
"We can be free. I will help you."
"My first and last."
Who did Toko Aoike help?
You're the man, Kokonoe.
What? Stop it.
Who did she help?
The weak small girl, isn't it?
"Unable to escape. Helpless."
I saw that.
-You saw it?
-I saw it.
I saw it.
UNABLE TO ESCAPE
HELPLESS YOUNG GIRLS
SAVE THESE GIRLS WHO CANNOT ESCAPE
This afternoon?
Yes. We received a call.
She asked for the address
of the headquarters in the UK.
The package is addressed
to Girls International.
Sender is Toko Aoike or another name.
Oh, yes. I remember well.
She seemed very enthusiastic and happy.
She certainly was excited.
It's cute.
I made it. It's very valuable.
They must recognize its value,
so I'll indicate that fact.
I never had the money to make a donation.
So, this is my first and last. Please.
When will it be shipped?
The truck is leaving soon,
so it'll make the 19:00 p.m. flight.
I just need to flee until 19:00 p.m.
Thank you very much.
It looks like I'm going to die.
My life is worthless.
Says who?
A weak small girl.
Unable to escape. Helpless.
That's not true.
You can be free.
I will help you.
My first…
and last.
She got the police and the gangsters good.
What did her life mean?
Come on, Shima.
It's not for us to say.
I'm back.
Welcome back.
-Sorry I'm late.
-No problem.
I haven't got much to do anyway.
What's wrong?
I'll set you free by all means.
By all means.
Nine more hours.
It's been a long day today.
A life-and-death situation brings out
the true nature of a person.
What?
I'm surprised you had a death wish.
Is this about what happened
this afternoon? Forget about it.
I was simply bluffing.
Stop thinking too much.
Don't you ever…
do that again.
Okay?
Roger… Hargreaves.
Say it like you mean it, man.
Money. Give.
They communicated on the Internet,
and acted all at once.
Let go!
They are foreigners, right?
What's happening
in this country is unreasonable.
I hate Japan.
You trust people too much.
I'm going to arrest him no matter what.